In 2021, the University of California, San Diego included over 19,000 students with disabilities, roughly 7 percent of the total undergraduate and graduate students. This number has been rising over the years, making it crucial for the university and the city to become more accessible to those in need. A key aspect of this mission for inclusion at UCSD is transportation.

This visualization aims to provide a guideline for students who need to commute throughout the city using public transportation. The visualization features an interactive map of San Diego using Mapbox, allowing users to freely swipe and zoom to their desired destinations. Additionally, we have incorporated transportation station data from San Diego, displayed as SVGs on the interactive map.

All the stations and stops are filtered by two categories: which organization manages it and whether it is wheelchair accessible. There are two organizations in charge of providing public transportation in San Diego: Metropolitan Transit System (MTS) and the North County Transit District (NCTD). The two vary in terms of operating regions and wheelchair accessibility. Thus users can filter out those stations that meet their requirements. For convenience, we also visually encoded the stations, with dark red border meaning MTS, dark green border meaning NCTD, yellow filling for wheelchair support and purple filling for non-wheelchair support to better help the user visually. We generated these colors so that the border interiors have more different contrast, and also the difference across categories (wheelchair/non-wheelchair & company) is noticeable as well. We also chose the interior to be of light color and boundaries to be darker. The filter box on the top right corner can also help the user to actively filter out stations that meet their demand. In addition, a counter is implemented to display the number of stations that satisfy the condition.
 
Last, we added a tooltip depicting the crucial information when users mouse hover over the stations, showing the detailed information of that station with its name. Organization, and wheelchair support. We chose to add this as some people may be interested in the name of the station, or finding the routes of certain buses.
